I heard that Jingyangxing's methods are very good.
Many are unwilling to sell
They were forced to sell all the land.
It's Jing Yangxing who's throwing it away
yes
That land acquisition notice clearly stated
I'm just worried
It's our family's turn now
How do you deal with me?
Isn’t this your elder brother?
He understands that the central bank can be the master of passing customs
Why
not
How many pieces have I written? Enough. Enough. Come on. Come on.
The problem with the demonstration is yes.
There is one in the village
You said that Jingyang Company was taking over the land?
Could it be related to 13 and Shen Nuo?
probably not
How could you not tell us such a big thing?
But they both disappeared.
Jingyangxing will come to take over the land
I always feel that things are not that simple
Where do you think they can go?
I'm thinking too
Both of them
Where can I go?
Wow, this inn is so comfortable to stay in.
It’s much better than other people’s firewood sheds hahaha
Sir, we want to avoid suspicion
I've been staying here for a few days.
Girl Man'er
when do you plan to
Talk to him again
Your son’s temperament
Once the interests of the family and villagers are touched,
He will definitely not agree to this.
Or put the overall situation first
Let’s talk about it after we resolve the matter
Also, don’t mention this matter to Ye’er.
How is the land resumption going?
I have already asked the brothers from Black Tiger Village
Within the scope of Wuzhong Lianhua
We have already talked about many villages
This is it
The notice at Shisanli Yingzi was posted not long ago.
I don't dare to be generous
Even if we don't accept it
Wu Zhonglian will also find a way to collect it.
What if Wu Zhonglian hurts the villagers?
The situation is even harder to control
Wait for the task to be completed successfully
The fields will naturally be returned to the villagers
If you need to accept it now, just accept it.
Ah, then I'll go back to the house first
If something happens, please pay me back
Oops, in charge
Look what you're doing
Looks like living hairy hands and feet
Tell me what you want, brother
How many days have passed?
You are here to deliver food again
I can't hold this green leafy vegetable
I brought some fresh ones
It's cold today
Just wanted to give you some
We are a North Korean signature dish
Give it a try
Oh, I'm still on duty after all.
That's not appropriate. You're welcome.
Come on, come on, oh oh oh oh
You see, they are all our signature dishes.
This dish is really tough, hahaha
Zhang Zi put the dishes in my kitchen. Hey, go, go, go
Hahaha oops
Brother, it’s really hard work
You have to take care of all the big and small things in this house.
Hey, I'll send it to your house later.
I bring you two plates every time.
Are you good?
But this will cost the company commander your money.
Oh, it doesn't cost anything
Ouch, haha, ouch, don't get numb, it's bad.
What's wrong
It's all covered in fur
Still cold
Is it cool?
Brother, can I borrow the lady's kitchen for drinking?
This spicy food is delicious only when it is hot
Oh, this is easy to say.
The company commander will be thoughtful
Please hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry
Why
Oops
This is the meal the cook just made
Send it to the bride quickly
He's still locked up. Don't ask too many questions.
Lock the door when you leave
Don't worry, go ahead
Xiao Guo
Lian Xiu
who me
Mom, why are you here?
Don't want me to come
Then I'll go, don't go
Mom, don't go
you do not know
How much have I suffered
Ah ah ah don't cry
Keep your voice down. I snuck in.
If you cry again, someone will find out
If I had known earlier, I should have listened to you
You shouldn't listen to big brother's nonsense
It's better now
Order wealth and honor to hang here
Life is worse than others
He didn't do anything to you, did he hit me?
Ma Dan, can you help me out?
I don’t want to stay here anymore. I don’t want to be a concubine anymore.
I want to go home
Okay, don't worry
Mr. Liu’s family has too many nieces
I really can't take you away right now
What's more, even if I take you away
After Liu Fugui discovered this
I will definitely cause trouble for my family.
It's not that simple just for you to go out
But don't worry
I will definitely find a way to take you away as soon as possible after I go back.
good
Do my parents know that I am being held here?
I'm afraid that my grandparents will find out
Liu Zi is here to make trouble
On the contrary, it’s not good for you
I didn’t tell them about mom.
I've never been nice to you when we were at home before
I didn’t expect that you would be the one to save me at this time.
Oh right
What does Liu Fugui mean when he says our family is gone?
What could really happen?
It's okay, everything is fine
He lied to you
That's good
I have to go
You remember my words
wait me back
It's been so long
Just collected these few goods
Some families are particularly stubborn
Reluctant to sell life and death
I don't want to hear this
you just need to tell me
When can we collect that land?
Please give Mr. Wu some more time.
Jing Yang Hang
Always only recruit talented people
I left this matter to you at that time
It's because I think you have courage
Believe that you can complete it
Brother Shen
something
It's better to do it yourself
Fifth Master
Give me three more days
within three days
I will take care of the matter of taking back the land.
stare at him
yes
Since he is not doing things well
Why waste time
Why don't I take people to take back the land?
Since he wants to get ahead
Why dirty our own hands?
You sent people to keep an eye on him
Still don't trust him
He just came to the guild not long ago
Be careful
Easy to handle
Or Midnight Zhouquan
Listen to me
Quickly take out the core of the earth for me
Don't force us to be tough.
I won’t sell it anymore
Sell ​​it or not, never sell it again
Say nothing for sale
If you don’t want to sell, what are you doing?
do not come
What are you humming?
OK
what are you going to do
If you don't sign today
house burned down
This money is already enough for him.
It’s not that I don’t want to sign
Look at this money
Signed for me
Money or not 10 yuan money or not
Give me a little and go quickly
Change the contract for you gang of robbers
Come to me if you have the ability
Come to me
Aren't you trying to get something from me?
pig pig pig
Pig you
come over
That's it for today
Spare you
If you don’t sign next time I come back, I’ll burn your house down.
No matter how much money you give me, I won’t sell it.
I'll go, go, go, go, go
Old man, we have real money now.
I'm here to talk to you about land resumption.
It’s hard to say what to do when you look back.
How can you still do it?
Hey let me tell you
This land of yours is something we have always handed down.
No matter how much you give me, I won’t sell it
I can't sell it even if I die
How can you sell it if you don’t pull it?
Master, go away
Why
Look at you, old man, you, you
If you dare to touch my brother, will I fight with you?
I tell you this is your place
Even if you can’t find it, you have to sell it.
I advise you to wait for the old man.
Waiting
You don't go here, right? Just dump them if you don't mind.
it's okay no problem
You said at your age
What are you doing to them?
I don't believe they can kill people and set fires
Ah what's wrong
This group of people
Sooner or later, he will come back to us
This is no joke
Hey, what should I do? You say hey, what should I do?
No sale, no sale
You guys go away quickly, go away quickly
Walk
Take a walk
Dear uncles, uncles, sisters, aunts, brothers and sisters,
If we have something to say, can we talk it over?
Hahaha
If you think this money is not enough,
Let's all sit down and have a chat calmly
Don't be so angry
I said who knows
You can be considered half of our village.
I told you we won't sell it
Why do you insist on forcing us to do something?
Are we also bringing outsiders to bully us?
Go quickly, go quickly
Go quickly, go quickly, go quickly, quickly
I advise you to take the money quickly
Take your family and leave
Only then can everything be safe
why why why
Learn from us, I won’t sell my land
Why do you still want to kill people and set fires?
Who are we afraid of?
Whoever thinks your kid is wrong is the one who will leave.
Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up, who will survive the disaster?
this place
Do you want to sell it?
No, no, no, no, no
Sell
No eyesight
You think about it carefully
Shenlong
oops
Come over there
put him down
Don't pull me, I'll kick him
Don't pull me
ha
Hahaha
You go home
Stop dragging me
You, why did you drag me back?
What kind of chaos is happening outside?
Too dangerous
Just stay at home
No, I need to ask him to find out.
Oh, you didn't see the knife in his hand?
What else are you asking?
What's wrong with you two?
What happened?
Didn't you see that Shen Nuo?
I'm in the same group with those bastards from Emperor Shou.
What Shen Nuo
How is this possible?
Just now
He and Shisan were at the end of the village with Jing Yangxing's people.
The knife was placed on the village chief's neck.
This is forcing people to sell their land.
Ma and I saw it with our own eyes
There are many pairs of eyes in the village watching too.
13 is here too
Still holding a knife
Whether it's a misunderstanding or an evil act
I have to go to him to find out everything.
Hey, mother
where have you been these days
Shen Nuo has gone to take over the land.
say something
Does the matter of land resumption have anything to do with you?
13You say it
That's what you see
Then why are you here?
Yeah yeah yeah
Please let 13 finish speaking first.
Mal girl
Shen Nuo asked me to bring you a message
no matter who
There is no way to stop him from fighting against enemies
anyone
I take care of my family
Don't you know this land well?
How important is it to the people in the village?
if there is no land
No home
How do these people survive?
Yeah 13 nephew
You say you
Very good
Why are you so angry with these people?
Do you have any difficulties?
If you have any difficulties, tell me
We are big guys and have a small valve
Don't do anything stupid
What else did he say
He said
Since I'm helping Jingyangxing
It must be done
You also know Jing Yangxing’s methods
they do things
no sense of proportion
He advises you
I want to save more time
Get family members to sign for the land sale as soon as possible
get out of here
to keep safe
Such a long time
How did our family treat you?
How could you charge us with a knife?
Your conscience was eaten by a dog
okay
You go
Get lost
If I had known I shouldn't have taken them in today
What is this thing called?
The one who drew the sword is really that godly boy.
no
Such a big thing happened to your pure master's family
I have to go and see
Stop meddling in other people's family affairs
When I think about the group of people who came last time
My heart is in my throat
What if you don't sell this land to them?
They put that big knife on your neck
Outside the program
How come this third old man has such a white-eyed wolf?
that is
Dad, don’t you know that Mom’s craftsmanship is just that long?
What the arrogance of 3?
He fights and says uh
No one can stop them from taking over the land.
What else can you say about Jinyangxing’s ability to expose things?
They are all white knives. Enter the bombing knives and say that seeing everyone is a disaster.
Why
second wife
this is true
Almost almost
There is such a good person in the family
How can others visit our home?
Where will we put our faces after we leave this place?
Yes, yes, yes, wife
I have to explain it to everyone later.
Just say that our family didn’t know anything about this, okay?
without any knowledge
I was deceived by them before.
After being cheated
These two people have nothing to do with our family.
It doesn't really matter at first.
Okay, when did this happen?
To save one's life
Ah, you want me to say it
As long as the money given is enough
Hey, let's sell it
Go to town and sell a big yard
Kill the bastard and enjoy your happiness
How nice, right? Yes, yes
What you're about to say makes sense.
What if we moved to town?
It can not only save your life but also hide your tongue.
That's what they say
What if the money is not enough?
Not enough, not enough
Who are all the people you brought back here?
Shen Nuo was brought back by me
so
I owe it to my family
If grandpa decides to make Tracy McGrady
Where to stay after that
I'll find a way to solve it
where
Could it be that you are also here to persuade me to sell my land?
Lord, I just thought about it
Those people will do whatever it takes to achieve their goals.
If the land is not sold
After that
I'll just be scared, maybe
It will still be life-threatening. Oh my god.
life-threatening
Sister, how scary is this?
this
Stop talking
Even if I take this life, I won’t sell it.
cannot be sold
Aunt and second uncle
Salute to the beauty grandpa
Why did you say you were the one with the gun?
If it weren't for your father
I saw you and that man surnamed Shen having a fight.
I rushed forward in a hurry
Not coming back now
What if he has three advantages and two disadvantages?
How will we live in the future?
Why are you
Why do you want to know?
Why have you been talking for so many years?
Mom, I was wrong, oh, sister-in-law, sister-in-law
Okay, okay, okay, sister-in-law
I don’t blame his father in the village for being able to do this.
It’s those newcomers who are taking over land and are too troublesome.
I am not in the village today
If I were to be here, I would do it too.
oops
Oh, the old man is awesome
Old man, you finally woke up
Chen Zhudian
It’s just grandma
Once you wake up, it'll be fine
Just don't let him be stimulated again in the future.
ok ok
Oh, thank you Wang Dan
Thank you, thank you. As long as everything is fine, it will be fine. If everything is fine, it will be fine.
Just be fine
let's go
Let the old man have a good rest.
Thank you. Thank you.
Dad
You go back first
Where are you going so late?
I
Find a promise
That kid teamed up with others to bully us.
What are you doing with him?
I just don't understand
Why is he so good?
What kind of Jing Yang Bank do you want to join?
Never mind whether you understand or not.
That Jingyang made a lot of money and had great things
Then who can afford it?
Don't worry, look for that
The god boy gets angry again if his theory fails
Lots of things to do
Walk around a little bit and I'll hit it
Ah, brother. Third brother is here too. Brother, brother is here too.
Youhong just showed these bridges
Wake up now and be fine
Well, since there's nothing else, we'll leave first.
Let's walk slowly
No more
Useless
Don't say that, don't say that
Crazy face, you are Beiqiao Street
The one named Shen who lived in your house before
Then pull out the knife
If you say put it on your neck, put it on your neck.
We can't stay in the village anymore
I really don’t know when they
What else happened?
Why
Old man, you said we are already this old
It's time to look at what's going on.
I also figured it all out
Things that cannot be changed
Let's admit it
But what if the person is gone?
What's the use of leaving that one-third of an acre?
Our grandson is still young
Can you tell me how you have the same temperament as you?
So stubborn
You forgive me
If you don't dare to ignore it, then you will risk it.
We are left with a family of orphans and widows.
What do you ask us to do?
Ah ha ha
ha
Why
We are all ordinary people everywhere
Isn't it just to keep this family safe?
Live a peaceful life
Nianfang, please say something
Say something?
yes
Just let the master and apprentice live a peaceful life for the family
If the person is gone
What's the use of destroying three-quarters of an acre of land?
Make people afraid
Get up
okay
He actually grew up so comfortable without telling me
If I still live in cheap
It’s time for you to be cheap now
He was beaten to death by the villagers with sticks.
Just know that what you are doing is abominable
If it’s the 5th anniversary and I don’t force you to take action
How long do you plan to keep this from me?
sorry
Previously, in order to take the overall situation into consideration
I can only hide it from you first.
But the play must be acted realistically
If it weren't for you this time
People in the village won’t believe that I will be cruel next time
If there is anything wrong at all
Reached Wu Zhonglian’s ears
He is in one
Naturally, I would not be entrusted with the errand of mining ores.
All our previous efforts have been in vain.
13 did a good job this time
The first and second sisters hate him so much that their teeth itch.
anyway
This Wu Zhonglian
Why do you want to take back the land of Thirteen Miles of Silver?
For Wu Zhonglian
There's nothing like mining
Transporting ore is more worthy of his cooperation with Zhou Zhang
So Thirteen and I guessed that there is a possibility
This ore transportation route may go to that boundary
He is the one who wants to drive away the villagers
This is to ensure that there will be no sudden collisions on the way to use the mine.
For the sake of personal gain
Let so many people wander away from the secular world
Where is that mine?
It's not clear yet
The only way is to take over the errand of halo mine first
Only then can I have a chance to touch the mine.
Only in this way can we find evidence of Ning Yuanhong's rebellion.
I really hope I can understand this sooner
I really hope your mission can be completed as soon as possible
Catch all those customers as soon as possible
It's getting late. I'll go back first.
Oh, right
How do you want to resolve the Lianxiu matter?
You haven't settled your own matters clearly yet.
Don't worry about other people's affairs
It's really not convenient for me to show up right now
But it's still possible to give it a try
maybe this
It's really a miracle of this trick
What trick?
One move can rescue the female Xiao Guo
It can also solve Liu Fugui’s tricks.
If this trick succeeds
maybe my plan
It can also really take a big step forward.
Let Wu Zhongnian have nothing to do
Showen universe
He really took action
At that time, he pulled out the knife and put it on the man's neck.
The civilians were so frightened that their faces turned pale.
Even that cheap girl
He was also quickly dragged back by his family
at the moment
People in the village over there are dark and afraid of him.
This kid Shen Nuo looks like a pretty boy.
In fact, he is really cruel and ruthless
To achieve the purpose
play hard
He is a person who can do things
Brother Heng
what are you doing here
Wait for you
and Shen Nuo
I just went to your house to find you
your parents
He doesn't seem to want to hear his name
Ah yes
That Shen Nuo
Aren't you reacquiring land for Jing Yang Bank?
My parents were furious
He said not to have anything to do with him in the future.
You come to fix 10 pieces of land resumption.
still remember
When you took me to see him for the first time
that time
He was poisoned by the police
I think he must be a dangerous person
But later we dealt with Sun Yao together
Let’s help you separate your family together
do business together
Let’s go to Black Tiger Village together
Rescue those who are fleeing
until today
We've been through so much together
I know what kind of person he is
That kind of people
How could it be for selfish gain?
Just attack the people around you
perhaps
He has a last resort
did not expect
When Shennuo was accused by thousands of people
You are the only one who believes in him
yes
I believe in his character
otherwise
I won't let go easily
Then you have to believe what he says
Just keep believing it
Sister, let me get some for you.
Go help your mother
Go help your grandma
Grandma, let me get some for you.
Um
Slow down
Why
This way
Okay eh
Hey, the two rooms on the east side are great.
Second uncle, second uncle, you two live here.
This north house is smaller
Dad, Mom, Sister Ye'er and I, please pay attention, Mom.
You go to the restaurant quickly and get busy.
We are busy at home here
It's just me and your dad here.
If it doesn't matter, this restaurant will be closed for a few days.
Let’s get everyone settled first.
That's okay
It just so happens that you take advantage of these few days to have a good rest.
You haven't had a break since this restaurant opened to this day.
They all blame you for not allowing me to pay more for selling the land.
This is not as spacious as the courtyard in our village.
okay
That's good
How many people are there in our village?
That's not even a tile.
Why
Pack up, pack up, and rest early.
Hey, brothers and sisters
How about we switch between the two families?
I snore while sleeping. I'm afraid I'll disturb my parents.
Let Xiaoqi and mother go into the house
Handicraft stuff, come here with the craftsmanship
this house
Why did you change this house?
Leave it alone
walk into
Slow down daddy
Lord
It’s tidying up
Mom, help you
Come to me, I'll do this
ah
Your father and I swapped houses
The house on the east side is bigger
Let your third uncle and the others live here
This way we'll be closer
Live opposite you
If anything happens, just call me mom.
oh
Yeah, second girl
Been gone for so long
Why don't you go back to your house and rest first?
that's true
Then you clean it up first
Clean up first
It seems like your mother has been looking for a chance to reconcile with you.
What do you think
I plan to forgive him
They all sold me. How can I have any parents?
Your mother is my mother
Why do you regret buying me and want to give me back?
How can I bear it?
Why
Let’s give it to 13
Forget about that person
Sister Ye, some things take time to become clear.
what does it mean
I mean
You have to get along with this person for a long time before you can see clearly.
younger sister
Come out for a moment
Coming
Don't think too much
What's wrong, grandma?
You lead the way to where Liu Fo sees his sister-in-law.
What are you doing in a daze? Hurry up.
home